first period Tyler fever has to come up
big early on getting the glove on that
shop by Christian powers who tries to
gain his own once again here he's rubbed
out by Charles Cooper duper that first
day from fever was good this one even
better as he anticipates the pass the
Doyle turns him aside whip his first
best chance right here and it seemed to
Ryan Kirk up but he can't beat Jonathan
hall Stephen D with a partial break but
great back checking by Drake Caggiula
showing he can do more than just score
some goals end of the first period now
on the power play this is Jackie Lewis
Lena to block a shot at the buzzer so
into it that one had it gone in wouldn't
have even counted that's the way that
Lewis plays that's the way the fury play
setting the pace here for the second
period Lewis beautiful shot roofs it
over the glove of Hall and the fury are
up by a score of 14 nothing but just
over five minutes later it is kuchulu on
offense this guy has been a monster in
this series before the spirit we are
tied up at one apiece died moments the
second look at Devon shore eating that
pass to Taylor best just off the mark
third period starts great for the fury
loose puck Davis jumps on and scores
that's his 11th goal in 26 points of
these playoffs a heck of a pickup for
Frank Robinson and would be fury in this
playoff Drive Drake Caggiula looks to
tie it up at Tyler fever snags that one
right out of the air great play from
Luke who goaltender and speaking of work
ease Devon shore what a season what a
playoff for this guy Peter Neal puts it
on net sure simply tips it in whitby
have a 3-1 lead spirit don't think so
much of that though and they shown the
floor here's the controversy does Brian
Huber's carry this puck across the line
before she needed in slowing this one
down twice inconclusive with andrew
doyle in the way from my viewpoint
Curtis Hodgins the bench they had a
different viewpoint they're convinced
this one should not have been pullin
dead on the I see that changes things
because extra attack out Alex Barton
he scores 32 no problem another one goal
victory for the fury right hold on we're
not done yet 11 seconds left Christian
powers extra attacker still out they
score unbelievably this one is going to
overtime in the overtime period Brandon
cadet played in nicely andrew doyle sets
him up the game is over the series is
over all these people stand up in front
of the camera the end